this is better than my imagination
outstanding we're going right can't why
not state with Amanda Clarke what are
you guys doing
usual hanging out with me no we're going
to
the ballet you're going to the ballet a
few people in section 8 didn't hear you
the ballet I can't believe you're gonna
pass up first rate carnage to watch a
bunch of guys in tights hop off a little
castle
Oh Andrew
don't push after you
very important presentation homework
thank you you know not to Jace this may
sound weird but with my superpowers I
could bring down some major bucks in the
pro wrestling circuit
Andrew be smart stay in school be
chemist what's wrong
professional wrestling has nothing to do
with the restaurant it's just show
business I know I wrestled 10th grade
you used to wrestle one hundred and
twenty seven point nine pounds of least
adrenaline you were a wrestler okay you
leave me no option come on take me down
okay I believe you
come on come on come on come on another
that's superpower stuff come on dr. J
I'm bigger than you are
don't worry the moment of force equals
the product of force times the length of
the moment arm from its fulcrum whatever
that's supposed to mean I'll show you
nevermind I get these feet like so
arm stuff or the body is messed up
pirouettes okay
I can come back oh no big date with
Amanda we're going to the ballet to the
ballet yes I happen to know a lot about
the ballet well sure are you gonna see
Swan something and when's the big night
Friday Friday Andrew you promised to be
an usher at the wrestling fundraiser on
Friday
you mean the wrestling fundraisers this
Friday night yes can't you change it
well you know normally I would say yes
but I did this really stupid thing and I
put dates on the tickets well honey why
don't you invite Amanda mom Amanda isn't
exactly the wrestling type yeah okay
well I could really use your help but
you make the final decision
thanks MA
did I mention that this is a fundraiser
for poor people yeah who've lost their
homes yeah in a hurricane
yeah oh oh hi Stephanie no no no not
busy at all just working on an
experiment to convert vegetable oil into
gasoline yes oh oh yes first for charity
yes wonderful cause sure I would love to
be an usher huh register tomorrow
morning
Midtown Athletic Club back door uh-huh
well I have a little presentation to
make but I can dash down just before
don't be silly
your timing was perfect
please tell me this guy does this to
meet chicks
can we get back to the problem at hand
please okay how about this you go to the
ballet take her to your seats
tell her you're going to get you know
nachos nachos at a ballet like I've been
better
then you rushed over to the arena do
your rusher stuff rush back get her feel
tell her there was a big lineup I tried
that once before didn't work maybe I
should just tell her the truth
bad choice Wayne it's time he went off
your fast oh hi Andrew hi Amanda
you want me to give you some help with
that lift thanks but you know I move
like that takes lots of training and
strength me like this once you get so
strong I got shot by a photon beam
I'm really excited about ballet it got a
great review in the paper
good ah Amanda about Friday
I bought any dress great you know life's
funny you know I'm just so excited I
can't wait
Thanks
you neither counting the minutes
before to friday night yeah i really
love ballet excuse me I'm here to
volunteer for the wrestling match hi
Steve Hennings I managed the club ah
okay so what should we call you dr.
Benjamin gencode doctor I like that
well thank you it took several years of
study good one is this gonna take a long
time I have a presentation to make
no sweat you just sign here here and
here gee sure you're up to this
oh really how much intelligence could it
take had to ask okay so we'll see you
here Friday night 7:00 sharp I'm looking
forward to it
excuse me
Oh doctor you won't be able to put
himself back to you after I'm done with
okay dr. J here's the skinny Amanda
wants to go to the ballet but I've got
to go to the sporting thing that same
night now I can't be in two places at
the same time well actually I could or
you could show her that ballet is
essentially an athletic endeavor that's
what I condemn her exactly did you know
that dancing the lead in Swan Lake is
equivalent to running the Boston
Marathon yeah but you don't get a trophy
and a kiss when you finish that is
unfortunately true that's not the point
so all I have to do is point out the
similarities between ballet and pro
wrestling pro wrestling oh you're dead
do you like sports well I have this real
love affair with synchronized swimming
me too Amanda my mom's planning this
charity event and I promised that I'd
help her that is so like you
but it's just Friday and I won't be able
to take you to the ballet you you can't
Oh No
but come with me to this I promise I'll
take you anything you want next time I'm
not a poetry reading an art auction you
name it well there's a mime troupe
coming to town next week you could do
that okay
what's the charity event Oh Kirk oh you
know Amanda so did you tell mm-hmm made
your frolic a double-date yo Kaitlin Oh
gross rabbit food this is gonna be great
hey over here a couple of dogs I've
wanted me
do you know what's you know you know
what those are you I'll make those
footlongs
yeah they don't seem like the wrestling
type you do
thank you you and Amanda doing some
heavy bonding yeah oh she didn't have
any solid stuff so I had her bury the
nachos with extra hot peppers you're
quite the gentleman
thanks babies from the extra fifty cents
for a real cheese
I'm finished for the evening why didn't
you tell me this was a wrestling event
we're together and we're having fun I'm
not having fun or together finally
two front row tickets to the mime troupe
to congratulate Stephanie this is a much
better fundraiser than that stupid favor
drive last year thank you do you want to
sit with us oh thanks but I prefer to
sit down front sometimes if the true
head bangers you can walk out and get
sprayed with heat
dr. jafek oh we thought you weren't
gonna make it I'm sorry I was caught in
traffic have had an absolutely brutal
day you just wait pal okay put this on
any else me maybe a flashlight
what section am I gonna end up in that's
pretty much up to the giant so please
give generously
tell me big guy are you married
oh man
Chris the body cam you can tie an eight
challengers zip you ice cream bars
shouldn't I have some programs
oh it's exciting I've never been
there's been a serious mix-up here
sure amount of science real stone for
charity
around to give next year don't worry
ain't gonna hurt you okay it's all fake
anyway
they probably practice this done a
zillion times
if you're realistic
the body in motion tends to remain in
motion come on come on
this is too painful
you were truly amazing Thanks I'm still
a little foggy though on exactly what
happened last thing I remember I was
lying on the mat dazed and broken I
looked up and I saw something truly
horrific for Yukon giant mrs. Ellen buck
oh I still don't know how I did it
well actually dr. ji this has to rank
right up there with my thesis on
organometallic compounds is there
something you wanted to say just that I
I knew that you could do it
Thanks